hello friends of the plants today I'm going to
talk about an indoor plant that
call sant pauli this plant is also
known as the African violet for
that you see a little here we have a
shows one pink and one of
white color as you can see so that you
deis tells a little bit about how is this
I'll show plant leaves his
Leaves are beautiful as hairy
say that he has a little hair is very
important that when I return this
plant not women never leaves nor
the leaves or the area as they are very
delicate and rot very quickly
you will see how he cut and I one of the
flowers and they are already withered we will open
and we will cut it
from below this type of flower and
we can remove
here we have another one too
in this way you will make the plant
bloom again and do not have
that suffer so much let's talk about the
fertilizers you can have two types
the liquid fertilizers that you buy
the little bottle and there will give you the dose
more or less that you have to throw in the
water and if not there are also the bars
how are you different types and sizes or
be more or less without depends on the pot
then you will have a bigger bar or
smaller in this case is too much
great for here but it would work
perfectly more than anything so that what
see what we will do is introduce the
bar on the earth and so you leave it
this way when we are
watering will penetrate and so will go
falling apart and it will be a good food
for our indoor plant remember
that the golden samp can last you for
many months since it blooms for almost
all year long remember that you have a
wide range of color and apart that goes
to decorate that beautiful corner of
your house
Thank you